teacher, road, road,
road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road,
road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road, road,
In the past, Brother Haojun said goodbye clearly.
You won’t get this far in practice
And he can become a big star before now
It's all about him step by step
Came here on my own
The little brain understands when it is established
I don't know what kind of high voice you have
That's my money
Able to enlighten the mind and spirit
There is really no light
To achieve a chaotic chase
That's because
I endured the long road upward
Red Hao’s lineup
There's also a film about Qiu Nianpao that's extraordinarily good.
You go first
Are you still too messy to take yourself seriously?